[DOCS] Add adaptive replica selection reference (#66232)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/docs/data-replication.asciidoc

. Resolve the read requests to the relevant shards. Note that since most searches will be sent to one or more indices,
   they typically need to read from multiple shards, each representing a different subset of the data.
. Select an active copy of each relevant shard, from the shard replication group. This can be either the primary or

>    a replica. By default, Elasticsearch will use adaptive replica selection between the shard copies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   a replica. By default, {es} uses <<search-adaptive-replica,adaptive replica
   selection>> to select the shard copies.
```
